M0090IDE-3998 Add documentation about Front Panel resolution in the Workspace (#461)
MicroEJ/docs: SDKUserGuide/resolveDependenciesInWorkspace.rst

When the API is set as a dependency, the Implementation project is automatically used at runtime if it is opened in the workspace.

If a Mock project or a Front Panel project is also opened in the workspace, it is automatically used for execution on Simulator. 

.. note::

>    When opened in the workspace,Foundation Library Implementation projects, Mock projects and Front Panel projects
>    are used regardless of their version or if they are set as dependencies.

Reviewer: I'm not clear about 'if they are set as dependencies' means, here 

```suggestion
   When opened in the workspace, Foundation Library Implementation projects, Mock projects and Front Panel projects
   are loaded regardless of their version prior to the ones provided by the Platform (if any).
```

Author: Done.
